Congratulations to U.S. Soccer and Selecci칩n Colombia - FCFSeleccionCol on a hard fought match. #USAvCOL #Copa100
COLOMBIA PLAYERS ARE ALL FLOPPERS WORSE THEN ANY OTHER COUNTRY LOL
Indeed it was a great game. So many exciting moments. Glad Colombia managed to pull that goal, but amazing goalkeeping by Howard and Ospina alike.
Missed seeing Altidore playing for US and Falcao for Colombia. Good game.丘쬂잺
le ten칤a m치s confianza a Colombia... decepci칩n. Haciendo tiempo y llorando contra USA como equipo chico y amateur. x'D
USA deserved to win this game they played much better than Colombia but oh well it is what it is..!
Que gran partido, cualquiera de los dos pudo haber ganado!
Congrats to Colombia they deserve it.
Hard luck to America 游끥丘쫵뛓
Ese tercer puesto es el contentillo del mediocre
Hard fought game from both teams. Unfortunately, Los Cafeteros converted their chance and the USMNT wasted theirs. 

Great goalkeeping from both teams.
copa is better than euro respect
Played lousy the last two matches...
Orozco your a savage I'm glad you did that 游녪游낖游녪游낖游녪游낖游녪游낖 #OrazcoSavage 游쥟릖
Congrats to the winners of losing
Colombia has a bright future and I hope they make a much deeper run in the 2018 FIFA World Cup if they get there and they should be one of the favorites to win the 2019 Copa America tournament. 

As for the United States, they finished fourth which isn't bad. However, they need to use their trademark workmanlike and fitness traits to go that far. They're way behind in the technical and positional aspects of the game and even if they get those down quickly and consistently, other nations are getting better too.
Conmebol is better than concacaf definitely
Chile campe칩n de Am칠rica 游깵
USMNT WILL RETURN!  WE ARE SHOWING THE REST OF THE WORLD THAT WE CAN BE GREAT!


USA need to learn how to play like a girl.!!! USA women team kick butt!!!





Congrats. Our 5th favorite sport lost to your best.

Embarrassing

Michael Orozco es un HdeP
Great game...
Pinche gabacho mal educado cara de frijol.
Go USA
Many Golden Scoring Chance So Wasting .This Is Most Hard Can Score Goal Match Of The Year ! I Dislike This 游땨
游녩游녩游녩游녩


Boring match. As bad as Portugal vs Croatia.
Felicidades USA, tienen un bien equipo,  es seguro que les seguir치 dando muchas alegr칤as游땎

Boring game

partido mas aburrido..
stay mediocre USA. #CrapaAmerica  #MediocreStatesofAmerica.   #WhyisOrozcoevenontheteam  #Orozcolostthegame
Colombia is   great
Vamos Argentina!!!
