Venezuela vs. Argentina mixed zone at Gillette Stadium / Venezuela vs. Argentina zona mixta tras el enfrentamiento de cuartos de final. #Vinotinto Venezuelan Football Federation
Los mismos pendejos de siempre pero no lo quieren creer los mismos pendejos que nos dejaron fuera del mundial que por no ser por los Estados Unidos no hubiéramos ido al mundial Peri la puta televisora cono siempre maquillando las cosas pero están igual. Putas mamadas soy mexicano pero Chile nos pone la muestra de cómo se juegan estos partidos y no como la mierda de layun, Herrera,Ochoa y Guardado, y la más grande mierda del chicharo Hernández que para nada sirve. Yo por eso ya no me ilusionó es la misma mierda de siempre dónde Televisa tiene que ver.
muy izi toda la copa para argentina :^)
John Terry (Chelsea) – “For me, Lionel Messi is quite clearly the best player ever. It’s a pleasure to put myself against him and when I finish my career it’s something I can look back on and know I’ve tested myself against the very best.”

Vicente Del Bosque (Coach, Spain) – “Messi or Ronaldo? I prefer Messi because he is more of a street player.”

Zinedine Zidane (Ex France, Real Madrid) – “Messi makes the difference most of the time. In particular, he is always going forwards. He never passes the ball backwards or sideways. He has only one idea, to run towards the goal.So as a football fan, just enjoy the show.”

Filipe Scolari (Ex Coach, Portugal) – “The only bad thing about Ronaldo’s life is Messi. If it was not for him, Ronaldo would be the best player in the world for five years in a row.”

Robin Dutt (Coach, Bayer Leverkusen) – “You won’t see anyone else like Messi. People said that Di Stefano, Maradona and Cruyff were the best when they were playing. And now it is the same for Messi. He is on the throne and it is down to him how long he stays there.”

Jack Wilshere (Arsenal) – “Ronaldo is good but I am #TeamMessi all day everyday! Everyone is allowed 1 bad game in 300 right?”

Radamel Falcao (Athletico Madrid) – “Is Messi a real player or a Play Station character?”

Neymar (Brazil, Barcelona) – “It is very simple, Messi is the best in the world, and if you give him a little bit of space, he can do whatever he wants.”

Gheorghe Hagi (ex-Madrid -Barcelona) – “Messi or Cristiano? Cristiano Ronaldo is very good, but I prefer Messi. He’s incredible.”

Joey Barton (Queens Park Rangers) – “Messi is the best that’s played the game. Streets ahead of Maradona.”

Sid Lowe (Editor, Guardian) – “To compare Lionel Messi to anybody else is unfair on them”

Jorde Valdano (Ex Real Madrid) – “I believe that we have the first genius of the 21st century, Leo Messi.”

Michael Owen (Ex Liverpool) – “I can’t believe anyone can have played the game of football as well as Messi.”

Franz Beckenbauer (Ex Germany) – “Messi is a genius. He has everything. When I watch him, I see a player who is very, very, skilful, very clever and his left foot is like Diego Maradona’s.”

Manuel Almunia (Arsenal) – “Messi is very skilful and can do whatever he wants at any moment. He’s the best player in the world.”
Seamus Marten
Argentina jugara con colombia o chile???
Vamos messiiii
